README.md.md, before:


# REACTionary-emp
[![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

![REACTionary-emp](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/caitlinbou/REACTionary-emp)
## Description
This is a REACT application that allows the user to search for employees by first name, and also to sort employees alphabetically by first name. The employees are loaded from an api called [Random](), and it is deployed on Heroku.
## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#Contributing)
* [Tests](#Tests)
* [Questions](#Questions)
## Installation
NPM install of node packages is required for further development.
## Usage 
It is very straightforward. Search for employees by first name with the search function, click on name to alphebetize by first name. 
## License 

Copyright 2020 Caitlin Bouroncle
        
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
        
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
        
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Contributing
Please reach out to discuss any development ideas you may have. 
## Tests
There are no tests written at this time.
## Questions
For any questions please find me on GitHub or email me: 

[gitHub profile](https://github.com/caitlinbou)

[email contact](mailto:caitlin.bouroncle@gmail.com)

![REACTionary-emp](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=REACTionary-emp&message=REACT&color=red)

Commit message:

updated the readme with screenshot

README.md.md, after:


# REACTionary-emp
[![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

![REACTionary-emp](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/caitlinbou/REACTionary-emp)
## Description
This is a REACT application that allows the user to search for employees by first name, and also to sort employees alphabetically by first name. The employees are loaded from an api called [RANDOMUSER.ME](https://randomuser.me/), and it is deployed on Heroku. Design formatting is handled with bootstrap.
## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#Contributing)
* [Tests](#Tests)
* [Questions](#Questions)
## Installation
NPM install of node packages is required for further development.
## Usage 
It is very straightforward. Search for employees by first name with the search function, click on name to alphebetize by first name. 

Pleae visit the website [here](https://reactionary-emp.herokuapp.com/)

Here is a sample screenshot of the application:

![screenshot](public/screenshot.png)
## License 

Copyright 2020 Caitlin Bouroncle
        
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
        
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
        
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Contributing
Please reach out to discuss any development ideas you may have. 
## Tests
There are no tests written at this time.
## Questions
For any questions please find me on GitHub or email me: 

[gitHub profile](https://github.com/caitlinbou)

[email contact](mailto:caitlin.bouroncle@gmail.com)

![REACTionary-emp](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=REACTionary-emp&message=REACT&color=red)
